# Requirements in Context
- Establish and maintain agreement with customers and other stakeholders on what the sys should do
- Give system developers a better understanding of the requirements of the system
- Delimit the system
- Provide a basis for planning the techical contents of the iterations
- Provide a basis for estimating cost and time to develop the system
- Define a user interface of the system

# System bahavior
- System behavior: how sys acts and reacts
- System bahavior is captured in use cases
- Actors: sth that interacts with the sys (can have observed actions when use case end?)

# Relevant Requirements Artifacts
## Use case model
- Use case: squence of actions the sys performs
- Use-case model: describe sys func requirements in term of use cases
- Benefits:
  - easier communications btwn end user and domain expert
  - identify who is end user and define func requirements
  - verify test cases -> check if the system fulfill requirements
- Use-case specifications
  - Name
  - Brief description
  - Flow of Events
  - Relationships
  - Activity diagrams
  - Use-case diagrams
  - Special requirements
  - Pre-conditions
  - Post-conditions
  - Other diagrams

### Flow of events
- Events: sth external affects the systems
- Flow: basic: one, alternative: several
- Scenario: instance of use case

### Activity diagram

## Glossary

# Supplementary specification
- Functionality
- Usability
- Reliability
- Performance
- Supportability
- Design constraints

# Checkpoints
## Use case model
- model understandable?
- can write down sys func and how they related?
- check requirements have met?
- use-case package is appropriately divide?

## Actors
- all actors identified?
- actor has 1+ use cases?
- actor be merge or split?
- actor intuitively named?

## Use-cases
- use cases involved 1+ actors?
- independency?

## Use-case specifications
| actor action | system reaction | related data |
|--------------|-----------------|--------------|
| 			   |				 |				|
|			   |				 |				|




